Here's the thing,  by the way, this video works great at 1.five times speed for better listening.
Now, here's where most people go wrong.
When someone asks about Apache Kafka, the typical answer is just the textbook definition.
They recite it like a parrot.
But that tells the interviewer NOTHING about your actual understanding.
It's like saying a car is "a vehicle with four wheels.
Technically correct.
Completely useless.
Real talk: I've seen senior engineers at Uber get this wrong in interviews.
Don't be that person.
What your textbook says about Security Layers is outdated.
The real approach that companies like Google use is coming up.